Use quote function for all errors/warnings (#8103)
ethereum/solidity: Changelog.md

 * Yul Optimizer: Apply penalty when trying to rematerialize into loops.

Bugfixes:

>  * Made usage of quotes in error and warning messages consistent

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Consistent use of quotes in error and warning messages.
```
